so this is a massive painting painted by
Timmy ham so this video if you click on
it yes it's about iPad iPad versus iPad
pro but we're gonna start this off with
a little office of tape is this is going
above the computers all right so we're
almost there as it's gonna be the big
reveal
[Music]
like we got the peach my favorite
building Empire State New York the flop
fives Wow I know look at it look at that
it will locate be perfect here on the
apartment but it's so good not to be in
like every single video so I feel like I
have to bring it to the hospice like
this and then it's gonna be like vibes
overload yes it fits
anakata we out here let's see if we can
fit in the elevator pace we have arrived
at the office
Timmy with the painting look I brought
friends
[Music]
[Applause]
we are talking iPads today and I have my
friend Alex Kass who is a designer and
illustrator with yo was good see boy was
cast they were comparing my iPad pro
12.9 versus her new brand new 2018 I've
had 9.7 to see which one's better to be
mine it doesn't matter they were gonna
go over that in this video the animation
that you saw in the beginning of this
video we're making it right now iPad 9.7
in okay sixth generation versus iPad pro
twelve point nine inch that's super cute
and catchy title see the I've had for me
falls in this weird middle done right
and I think it makes the most sense for
people like you who design and
illustrate for me that's why it made
sense for me to get a cheaper iPad right
pretty much more than half the price if
you guys want to know how I've truly
been using it is to have a bigger screen
to watch Netflix phone them on the
elliptical so if you want to go for that
per level I say definitely if you're a
designer illustrator yes or you're using
an iPad almost as a computer replacement
because it has that keyboard input that
you can connect it directly to the iPad
with this you're gonna have to do a
Bluetooth that's not gonna be the best
experience at right the whole point of
this video is to see if this can
actually be a tool that is helpful for
designers now you have this pin so in my
head I'm like okay it's cheap you have
pencil it's for note-taking it's for
like this can this handle a designer
like you between this act by the screen
and the glass there's like a little bit
of a space on this iPad on mine if
there's none at all it's like a directly
on here so when you're drawing is you
can tell us that the little gap the pro
has four gigs ram it also has a better
color gamut p3 you think color gamut and
higher refresh rate on the actual screen
so when you're drawing it's gonna be a
little more responsive and the colors
gonna be better when you're actually
like painting and procreate or do
anything that has a photo editing okay
so
create so the first thing I'm curious
about this is a beautiful drawing that
you did procreates pretty cool because
it gives you a a video should I show you
like what you did when you were drilling
in it so this is me like chilling on the
couch I was actually faced on my friend
so you could have this over here cut the
image that you're tracing or like you
know like modeling after have like your
feet friend on FaceTime like here down
here and then be drawing I'm so like use
of technology so I'm drawing like actual
paper on Pitt actual paper I like
DoubleTap it's like two fingers so like
undo it and I'm like can I believe your
yeah you're the artist of the future yes
there's so much detail yeah when I was
drawing out literally wipe that for him
which is like the benefit of having a
digital experience of drawing right do
you use procreate more than Adobe
products on your - yeah I love Adobe but
their apps are absolutely like iPods
yeah desktop that works really well
anything any Adobe product except for
one of them which I like well suck so
like the one I use is called comp comp
basically lets you lay out different
things so if I wanted to do like a I was
gonna do like a stories thing where I
put my main inspirations for the week in
a story and I posted but I wanted to
brand it so I create like these little
templates so I can edit it here is I'm
gonna replace this image with a four
night clip that I got so in terms of
let's talk shading because I think
that's one of the benefits of the pro is
you have more flexibility with shading
and the tilt this is yeah so yeah it's
in the hard I'm pressing really hard now
and that's that so I'm looking for
differences what is something that's
maybe harder to do on here that would be
easy on there yeah so the fact is that
you have a smaller screen and just like
you know being able to draw just like
more comfortably is definitely better on
here the refresh rate on here is a lot
better so I need to have the best like
right I can't and I can usually tell the
details and stuff so right
as natural as possible so personally for
me and for anybody wants to use a
professional tablet who's doing
professional work that gap between
screen for the actual LEDs yeah and the
glass is gonna be a big deal that
refresh rate is what makes it as close
of an experience to real paper attack
yeah so now I'm just handing you this
find a problem with it so when it comes
to heavy graphic stuff in terms of
you're doing branding for people do you
all of that in Photoshop or illustrator
on the computer yeah for the most part
okay one thing I can already tell okay
cuz the screen is so small most of the
space is gonna be taken up with my hand
thanks that's just how physics is okay
[Music]
the bass
I like you design yes but you also do
some beats as well so if we go over a
couple cool apps maybe you just got an
iPad and you want to play around with
some stuff it's good a drum drum pad
classic 808 so there's like a few
different modules you have in here this
one is like the keyboard and it lays out
the keyboard like these pads it takes a
little bit getting super oh like cancel
it out I still bought a MIDI controller
just because I couldn't deal with this
like sometimes not working but it shows
how versatile an iPad can be just
because the the people who you know
create the apps what's the reason why
you would want a MIDI controller like in
the physical versus an iPad so with the
iPad use get the versatility right you
can bring it anywhere yeah yeah I have a
good little at PK 25 I think and it's
just like actually it's really small s
logic physical Keys has drum pads on top
and has like some knobs to change faders
and stuff the main thing and then same
thing with using the pencil on the glass
is how physical things feel and when
you're just tapping on glass it's hard
to like get notes right so like there's
no physical barrier between me hitting E
and F sharp anything with like paper I
could dig into the paper more I can like
physically like have the paper resist
the pencil down on glass is like hard to
get its you're just gliding everywhere
is you're sliding and it's not gonna
stop you this app is called a strop
extra pad yeah you can use it to control
your computer with your iPad so
basically makes it like a professional
graphics tablet basically makes like a
Wacom Cintiq yeah so you can go in here
and like add custom keys also you can
turn on quick keys so basically brings
up your like Mac OS like command keys
the control command option shift and so
when you're working on here you can like
you know you say I wanted to like lock
this in straight lines I could just hold
shift over here and it'll do it wow this
is like for you so as you're doing that
it's literally yeah like if I want to
draw something on here or I want to
brush in a selection or you know brush
in like color highlight something like
that I always do it with the pencil and
it's just as like functional is like a
Wacom tablet but at the price range
where I needed the pro features for
Wacom it was comparable to buying an
iPad and I could do so much more with an
iPad pro so I just bought the iPad
instead of getting a expensive Wacom
tablet so usually what I do is like do
one of these where I have my left hand
yeah same thing you were doing that when
I come to town and I'll have like access
to you know you know all my keys and
everything while I'm doing it it's like
it's just like hold option and drag out
to duplicate and all that like you know
if I wanted to transform this I can just
like shift with my left hand and keep it
constrained so I usually have both but
if I want to be really specific and want
to be fast like I could draw up
particularly with drag here I could be
alright but if I want to be really
accurate I'll use the iPad this one app
called our studio it's like a Photoshop
clone on the dimeric on iPad it happens
to be the best Photoshop that exists on
a crisp Photoshop like adobe has not
released a Photoshop clone for the iPad
pro even look at this this is like this
is Photoshop if you look at it like it
looks so much more like Photoshop and I
made this literally just completely on
on here basically I just like took these
two images and I collage them together
you know this text layer is just using
the create in here these line these like
little graphic thing is just creating
here it's not gonna work as well as you
would use Photoshop on a computer male
because you'll have a keyboard and even
if you had a Bluetooth keyboard they're
not mapping you know key shortcuts or so
like that with this app are you able to
go and take that file and edit in
Photoshop so you did I can do an export
here and you can have you have different
options you see you can do it you know
to our city approach go to the Mac
version and then you can do PSD and I've
tried a few of these software's that try
to be Photoshop
most of them sucks
this is the best one I challenge you to
know the only proper way to do this
first of all my lighting for that
basically it's space yeah it's it's
claustrophobia the amount of RAM you
have the amount of things you could do
with that Ram and it's things are
snappier things lagged a little bit when
I was trying to multi tasking at first
basically if you're a professional
artist you're aspiring a professional
artist and you want to have the best
experience that's closer to a desktop
and you want to have all the power that
you could possibly have get the iPad pro
also the color gamut like the screen is
a lot better I think it's a brighter but
definitely is higher fruit refresh rate
with true motion our promotion true tone
display so automatically adjusts the
color temperatures based on your room
which this iPad isn't a half of all one
does not have and the color gamut is
wider so you get more colors deeper
colors richer colors on here I have a
co-worker though who is a professional
artist like me but he does less strong
than I needed more motion graphics he
got this just so you can sketch
characters and stuff a way cheaper level
he's not like me where he's gonna be
drafting a lot of stuff he doesn't
really want to drop a thousand dollars
he's soul artist he's still just his
talent still professional whatever he
got this just so we can just have
something around to play with to
whatever you can still draw on it he's
so sketch you can still do your baseline
of sketching and it's not fun and all
that you don't use I really care about
having multimedia star hand care all
that he just wants to have like the
sketch there is definitely value here if
you're just chilling out you just want
to sketch just wanna draw you don't plan
on using an extra pad or anything like
that you don't plan on easy as a MIDI
controller you don't really care you
just wanna schedule and take notes when
I wash necklace on the treadmill this is
a great value
Alex thank you so much for joining and
bringing your iPad
goodness working people thank you
youtube.com slash Alex cast Oh promoting
that you to shame Oh watch out get the
stick Instagram as well you can check
out his linkage and those fear from
below thank you guys so much for tuning
in let me know if you like this video
hit that subscribe button down below for
new videos every single week we get
creative around here like super creative
around here so until next time guys stay
peachy okay
you
[Music]